Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai, you're
watching the China Show. I'm Yvon Man
with David and Glenn.
>> Good morning. Let's get your top stories
today. A muted start for equities across
the region following three days of
gains. You have EM shares set to well,
let's see, extend uh the rally after the
highest close in four years driven by
growing bets on a Fed rate cut.
>> Yeah, that's why we heard from Treasury
Secretary Scott Bon once again fueling
those market expectations for a Fed cut,
telling Bloomberg it's time for a series
of them.
We should probably be 150 175 basis
points lower. So, you know, I I think
the committee needs to step back.
>> And on the EM rally story, 10 cent,
second biggest stock there. Something to
watch, of course, this hour after
revenue beating estimates even as it
plans more cautious spending on AI.
>> And liquidators targeting the assets of
Everrand's founder as the high-profile
case enters a pivotal stage.
[Music]
Good morning and welcome to the show.
Yeah, the momentum actually quickly
petered out going into the session
today. Certainly the tailwinds were
there. That's past tense. S&P futures
are now flat as you can see here. Nikki
has had of course a stellar two three or
two or three days or so. So we're
pulling back. We're pulling back to
42800 I guess to just uh underscore the
point even further. Ty index flirted
with an all-time high yesterday and as
you can see weak start to the session
today. Cosby index which is about right
now within about 2 and a half 3% of
record highs. Won't maybe likely won't
get there today. All that being said
though, the macro picture does seem
conducive maybe to more flows coming
into the EM right we talked about Scott
Besson who talked about rate cuts 25 is
fully priced in more bets in fact are
coming in on a possible 50 possible 50
bets are coming in as far as that's not
necessarily going to happen of course
right 2-year yield as you can see here
flat 10ear yield we are extending what
we had on the Treasury market within the
Asia Pacific dollar's down a third day
and Bitcoin as you can see is at a level
that we've ever seen. That's a record
high as well there uh on Bitcoin right
overnight. And reason perhaps why we
might see Chinese market dance at their
own tune today is because the heaviest
weighted stock there massive move up
overnight. We're getting more analysts
coming out and re uh repricing their 12
month projections on the stock price. Uh
Net East of course and some of the other
online video and gaming companies are
going to be very much in focus following
the big move of course in the industry
uh bell weather. Uh and looking at the
open today, there we go. So, we're very
close on the Hensing index taking out
the recent high. We could likely open.
We'll see. We'll see. We might likely
open at a 4-year high as far as that's
concerned. And Tensson, of course, 600
is a level to watch. Intervention yet
again today out of the HKMA. Wish they
could do something about the weather,
though. Uh 10ear yield. We have a bond
auction. CGBs and also Hong Kong is
issuing uh yuan denominated bonds today
here in the city. Juan.
>> Yeah. I mean, they they took away,
right? I mean, at least the exchange,
right? you still got to go to work
during bad weather.
>> What a bummer.
>> Um but then again, I I feel for all the
parents out there, you know, no school
today, so certainly good luck with that
one being at home. Um in terms of what
to watch in greater China, I mean, what
five black raintorms in two weeks, it's
nuts.
>> Anyway, take a look watch agenda here
today. Talked about 10 cent, right? So
fastest growth we've seen since 2021.
The AI bets and all that certainly has
helped. ADRs jumped from 7%. So that's
what definitely one to watch. milestones
on HSI certainly one to watch as well as
well as the Shanghai composite. So those
numbers 3715 25,667
are the levels to watch right now.
Turnover Dave has talked about what 2
trillion over in the mainland rem and
sectors to watch in terms of gaming
>> because of the 10-centent story possibly
crypto as well given with the Bitcoin
record run and CGB is there going to be
a 20-year auction later on as well for
the three and 20year bonds. In terms of
the the top themes, it's really about
Besset.
>> Yeah. and really igniting this whole
risk rally that we're seeing here right
now. And the whole tariff discussion is
like I can brush that aside. Yeah. Right
now because inflation seems to be now
benign enough for the Fed to cut and
therefore we can lean into risk. I mean
Asia today is taking a bit of a pullback
but we've seen a pretty stellar three
days already on the back of that.
>> Right. And I think you know part of the
three days that went into why we lost
momentum today was because markets had
already rallied on expectations of a Fed
cut and then we simply got that cemented
>> in full. uh going into this morning and
in fact, you know, part of the story
today talks about how there are
incremental bets of a possible 50 basis
point cut. That said, I think the
message there is a weaker dollar, lower
rates, which has really bolstered the EM
story, including when you look at the
earning side of things. Another tailwind
for EM assets. I think we closed at a
four-year high uh on the Mia EM gauge.
>> I like I like your view when you pair it
with what was going on with the Fed
discussion, which is basically weaker
dollar. uh stocks are bit up here, but
then you take a look and you add about a
story like 10-centent and it really kind
of lifts up the whole EM complex, right?
>> It does. It does because you had TSMC,
which is the biggest stock on the gauge.
I think it's double the waiting of 10
cent. So TSMC set a record. All you
needed was a second one, right? And
we're we're going to get that today and
we're likely going to see a massive pop
today at the open just following the
move in in Wall Street on Wall Street
overnight. So that's another thing. The
other thing though is the reminder that
this Chinese economy is not firing on
all cylinders and I think the credit
numbers did underscore uh that very
point yesterday with I think net uh
repayments on new yuan loans which then
resulted in the first contraption uh and
I think since 2005 two decades 2005 so
yeah it's it's certainly a two stories
to to note but liquidity seems to be
winning that argument as far as the
market goes. Yeah, and there's a more of
a debate now from the economists about
this whole divergence between what we're
seeing in equity markets in China versus
what we're seeing in the economy right
now. And I think this whole narrative
around the credit story kind of just
adds to that divergence because you
mentioned about new loans contracting
which is quite rare.
>> Yeah.
>> To to say the least, but perhaps the
timing is interesting why the government
announced those subsidies when it comes
to consumer loans just a few days ago.
Right.
>> Yeah. And maybe help along the consumer
side of the conversation. I think the
note that came through yesterday out of
uh BA was yes the rally does seem to be
slightly getting more divorced from the
underlying uh fundamentals. But speaking
of fundamentals, it's really something
that the US Treasury Secretary leaned on
when he look when he mentioned you look
at the data you look at if he had
considered the past month's revisions as
well. There is a case for the Fed to cut
interest rates. Uh the White House also
Scott Besson mentioned also stands in
search of Jay Powell's replacement. have
a look.
>> We should probably be 150 175 basis
points lower. So, you know, I I think
the committee needs to step back. I I
think uh probably one of the most
politicized governors just went off the
board by uh putting Steven in. That
gives us more time. And again, I want to
cast a wide net. The president's very
open-minded before he chose J. Pal
Janet Yellen was interviewed. Uh John
Taylor was interviewed. Two of them
couldn't have be more different.
>> Let's get to Singapore now and bring in
our Asia Markets executive editor Paul
Dobson. And Paul, you know, you know,
Besson's talking about 150 basis points
worth of cuts uh in the near term and
the market's kind of going with it in
some ways. What do you make of all this
price action right now and this kind of
leaning towards risk?
>> Yeah, good morning Ivon David from the
beautiful city of Singapore. No uh
rainstorms here today. Uh only sunny
weather and reflecting you know the
broader tone across global markets at
the moment where we're pricing in uh
those rate cuts. uh the Bessen is
talking about and you know okay so it's
not his field you should listen to the
Fed speakers and not to uh the Treasury
Secretary but he's basically saying what
everybody's now thinking after those
jobs numbers and with that slightly more
benign inflation report u the Fed can
get on with cutting interest rates can
start in September you know the market's
fully priced for that and can keep on
going through the cycle and so I think
that we're we're locking in uh in
markets at the moment about 150 basis
points of easing through the end of next
year taking us down to around about 3%
or thereabouts uh on on on the Fed
interest rates and therefore you know
the yield curve is falling. This should
be supported for the economy which is
already uh getting pretty turbocharged
by all the fiscal stimulus from the US
administration and therefore that's that
explains why you're seeing equities
rally and not just the tech names these
days uh but also a broadening of the
rally uh across the rest of the names in
the S&P 500 and the small caps as well.
the market
in some ways saw this coming when I say
saw this coming this week has really
seen you know money come back into
equity markets Paul and I wonder what
the short-term outlook might be and if
you have any color on why we're looking
at most equity markets in the region
pulling back today
>> yeah so I think for Asia we've got um
especially in Japan you know we've got a
lot of yen strength today and that seems
to be weighing on the market somewhat we
did have some hints of negative news for
big tech in US hours. Um Oracle I think
um gave people a little bit of a a
surprise and then uh at the same time uh
just a little bit of broader and general
weakness. I think that there was some
news about the rising cost of data
centers that also uh gave people a
little bit of a you know kind of warning
about kind of all of that investment
going into the AI sector. And so that
might also explain a little bit of the
pullback that we're seeing in the chip
side in Taiwan's markets today. Um, you
know, wait until the hold of Asia is
open and getting going uh with a little
bit more gusto midm morning to to take
your view on this. Like you said, we
still haven't got China and and and that
seems to be a little bit more positive.
And so um you know I I feel like even
though the story is mostly about US
markets and how the US is you know back
in the driving seat and all the rest of
it and the rest of the world is going to
have to be paying these tariffs or at
least you know we'll have some impact
from it. Nonetheless you know if the Fed
is easing the rest of Asia central banks
can continue to ease as well that should
take a little bit of pressure off things
and should equally be supportive for
markets over here.
Paul, thank you so much. Paul Dobson
there uh underscoring well two of the
same points really. I think one on one
hand you do have sunshine in Singapore.
That's the silver lining there. And of
course a silver lining perhaps here.
We'll find out in about 20 minutes or
so. Uh the open in greater China might
actually just lift the overall tide.
Paul, thank you so much for reminding us
that the graph is is always somewhat
half full. Paul Dobson in sunny
Singapore for us.
>> Rubbing it in. Really
>> well. On that note, right, the Hong Kong
Observatory just told us right now that
the black rain signal will remain at
least in force at least for another hour
and 50 minutes. So, yeah, bring your
umbrella or call in sick if you haven't
already.
>> Those that have preschoolers like yours
truly that uh was waiting for that cut
off time of 10:30 whether they were
going to bring it down or not. Yeah,
we're staying home today.
>> Well, the preschoolers can watch the
China show and see how Tencent's going
to do because we're likely going to take
out 600 bucks today. In fact,
pre-markets are now indicating 605 on
the stock price here. uh you had this
massive uh revenue 15% I believe.
>> Yes. So basically jumping the last
quarter and really driven by that
doubledigit growth in most of the major
businesses. I believe one analyst said
they basically you know did so well in
all sectors basically uh there and
really including advertising which it
attributes to AIdriven enhancements.
Let's bring in Minman Low. She is
breaking down those earnings for us. So
yes, how good of a report was this?
Yeah, as you said, beating analyst
estimates when it comes to the revenue
15% is about 3 percentage points higher
than analyst estimates. Uh net income as
well coming in at 17% also better than
estimates. And we saw this improved
margins across all segments thanks to
the AI integration which really helped
boost advertising because of improved uh
target rates and click-through rates. Uh
when it comes to gaming as well, there's
a strong pipeline. uh performance was
strong including for some of the
existing games which saw a significant
increase in the number of new users as
well but of course investors were mo
most concerned about AI spending and
that was up 150% in the second quarter
but 10 cents president saying that the
company is going to be quite cautious
about spending going forward they're not
keen to spend so much on marketing and
hiring especially given there's a lot of
unrealized potential in the AI segment
now
>> okay let's turn our attention to jd.com
That's the next one on deck today among
others of course reporting today.
>> Yeah, JD.com is a very different story
because it's expected to have to take a
big hit in its profits because of its
foray into the delivery uh platform
space and that's dominated by mtoan and
there's been intense price competition
there. So a lot of investments going
into promotion and into this new
initiative. So earnings per share
expected to drop by 50% in the second
quarter. the first time we are seeing
such numbers in about three years and
that profit hit is expected to extend
until the end of the year given that uh
the company is expected to continue this
level of expenditure uh to help with its
overseas expansion its supply chain
investment into building out centralized
kitchens for example but we do have that
government spending uh government
subsidies in the equipment upgrading
program that could help lift its retail
sales revenue and the improved margins
there could offer a little bit of relief
>> min thank you so much two stocks to
watch today among many many others our
China correspondent. They're going into
the open today. Futures are higher still
as I speak. So, we could be looking at a
4-year high in the hanging index if
nothing changes between now and the
open. 16 minutes away, Shanghai,
Shenzhen. And here in an extremely rainy
Hong Kong morning, see for yourselves.
This is the China show.
[Music]
>> Your remedy fix just crossing the
terminal here right now and it is
looking to be a pretty strong one. So
71337.
So that I believe is the strongest fix
we've seen this year and dating back to
the November election. So obviously
reflecting what we've been seeing is
basically this dollar weakness across
the board.
>> Yeah, we know what happens when the
dollar weakens, right? Most everything
else in the markets tend to do well and
if the dollar continues to fall is is
that a further tailwind for EM assets,
EM stocks in fact overnight, in case you
missed that, closed at the highest level
in in four years. Joining us now to give
us an outlook for equity markets and
what they're doing with all their money,
Christina Wuen, portfolio manager at
Espring Investments in sunny Singapore
for us this morning. Christina, good
morning to you. The things have been
really good in equity markets. My
question is what now?
Yeah, I mean it's uh it's been it's been
a nice run so far and uh we actually
even had a bit of a relief in in the
past couple of days with the the truce
announced between uh China and the US
but the reality is I would say that
that's really been uh that overhang's
been pushed out a bit more um and that
means that we have to continue to
operate under the base assumption that
uncertainty and volatility would persist
um and under that backdrop I think it's
really quite important to to go back to
fundamentals because as we've seen over
result season, that's where you can see
some of the big swings and collapses in
stock prices.
>> Is that more going to be a driving
factor, do you think, than any sort of
tariff headline we're going to get in
the next, you know, few weeks and
months?
Yeah, I mean I think that uh you know
tariff headlines will still be front of
mind, but um uh what's really quite
important and what we've seen over the
past result season is I mean
expectations have really been everywhere
and that's really been a result of I
would say the past few months seeing um
you know investors mind share being
skewed a bit more towards the
macroeconomic perspective. Um all things
equal that means that your mind share
towards fundamentals is perhaps on the
lesser side. Um and that really is to me
a setup for higher probability of beats
and misses into the result season which
is is what we are seeing at this point.
And even within sectors and subsectors
you also see different fortunes. Um so
it's even harder to make a a top- down
call based on whether you want to be in
banks or utilities. You absolutely
really have to go back to fundamentals
if you want to stay a breast of the
market at this time.
>> Yeah, a good time to be an active
manager and you know thank goodness
we're we're speaking to one. Uh
Christina, it's great at dislocations
likely and you I wonder when you look
across markets in the Asia Pacific, what
which markets you think might be sort of
ripe for uh bargain hunting at this
point in time given those dislocations?
>> Sure. Um I know China has been front of
mind uh for everyone in terms of
geopolitical issues. Um but that
actually is a pretty good backdrop for
hunting for truffles. Um, you know, if
you went back a few months to towards uh
closer to liberation day, you had huge
indiscriminate swings in in the market,
you had defensives rallying, but at the
same time, you could have maybe national
champions in China where their
businesses were arguably a lot more
domestically focused and they had maybe
a smidge of US exposure, but the market
was punishing them for that. Um, those
to us as active investors would be
opportunities that we can capitalize on.
And and that's the really interesting
thing about the current times, right?
because uh when else can you really say
that a large cap that's so well covered
by so many analysts in the market is is
misunderstood and that's really what the
past couple of months has given us the
ability to pick up some of these good
names um at much better valuations.
Christina, it's interesting you
mentioned China because yes, there are
truffles as you say, um, but there is
this disconnect, right, where people are
saying the fundamentals are there, which
you were talking about, um, but equity
markets are still kind of been on this
tear.
>> Can we continue to see this sort of
dichconomy where, you know, fundamentals
aren't quite strong, but liquidity can
continue this rally?
Yeah, I think you're absolutely right
and you you've seen that in in well, we
touched on that a little earlier with
the defensive some of the higher
yielding names as well. I think it's
really important I think to to your
point to to make sure that with all the
runs that you've seen in the market um
you need to marry that with
fundamentals. So even if you have flows
into into China that are propping up
some of these sectors um that can easily
be reccalibrated into result season
which is what we're seeing at this
point. Um, I think that when it comes to
to numbers or or or stocks that continue
to rise, if you're able to, for example,
make a call that uh, you know, they're
doing well across different segments uh,
in some of the results we've just seen
yesterday as well, that's when you can
perhaps make a better bet on on the
sustainability of some of these share
price rises.
So Christina, the
in terms of how you feel about the
popular trades, and I think we've
touched on and you've alluded to maybe
big tech and AI there. I'm not sure, but
sounds like it. Uh what do you think
about the other popular trade, dividend
stocks, and income?
>> Yeah, I actually think the setup at the
moment is is uh we're a lot closer
towards I guess what most in the market
are expecting to be a rate cut cycle.
And under that backdrop, that's usually
when you see income stocks tend to fare
a bit better as well. So, um I do find
that while we are waiting for that rate
cut cycle to to come through, that gives
you dividends will give you that buffer
um amid all that volatility. And then
when these rate cuts start to to play
out in the market, um that's when you
also see perhaps flows or or a bit more
interest within uh uh dividend names
where traditional yield opportunities
have have come off a little bit more.
All
right, Christina, thank you so much.
Christina Wun there, portfolio manager
at Eastring Investments, joining us out
of Singapore here this morning.
Pre-market is up in Hong Kong, we are
seeing when it comes to Tencent, that
certainly is the stock to watch here
today. So, what we're seeing so far is
about a 2% gain on the stock in back of
those earnings there. There you go. Uh
the some of the best growth we've seen
since 2021 for 10centent. We'll break
down the earnings a little bit more with
our next guest in the next hour as well.
But certainly, that's one thing to watch
those earnings there. pre-market for the
rest of Hong Kong is looking like this
here right now in the midst of this kind
of black rainstorm that we're seeing
here in the city. Yeah, clear skies when
it comes to equity markets though.
Hangen is up 610 of 1%. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, most of Asia is seeing a bit
of a pullback, but not here in Hong Kong
or China, right? You take a look what
happens in the Hang Sang. So, we talked
about we are at le
four-year high. A Shanghai composite one
to watch. We could be close to those
10-year highs as well. 10 cent certainly
is helping that news today and the
analysts are catching up and trying to
upgrade those price targets this
morning, Dave.
>> Yeah, sleepless on the sell side, as we
like to call it there, right? So, 10
cent 600 bucks for the very first time
in about four years or so. Hanging index
same four years and as you can see,
right? So this is since the the earnings
came out out of 10 cent and we've had at
least 10 analysts come out and change
their forecast and either the stock or
the recommendation. All things equal as
we speak and this might likely still
change. We're up about 20 bucks in the
price target uh since they released
earnings. So that's about a 10% upside
suggested based on the current price of
of of 600 bucks. Right. Something to
note yesterday for the first time since
Deep Seek turnover topped two trillion
in the entra markets. Watching Shanghai
Composite were extremely close to a
fresh 10ear high. The open is coming up
next. This is the China show. Good
morning.
[Music]
Welcome back. Uh, you're watching the
China Show. So, just a public service
announcement and reminder, black
rainstorm warning in Hong Kong will be
up at least until 11:00 a.m. local. So,
that's about 90 minutes time. And the
reason we're feeling this weather is
because there's a typhoon that's
actually near or has hit the southern
part of Taiwan. So we're feeling the
sort of the the implications of the
weather system there of course.
>> Yeah. So school has been cancelled for
the day and certainly we'll watch how
these markets do. It seems like they're
unfased by the weather because the bulls
are fully in control here right now. You
talked about two trillion remover
yesterday. Uh that just goes to show
right that there's so much risk on at
the moment. It brings us back to those
levels that we saw during Deep Seek. And
this is on the back of what we saw with
those 10-centent earnings and certainly
there's been a lot of happiness and
optimism around the earnings picture
there. So certainly that there's two
things lifting that right. First is the
bets of Fed rate cuts uh and then you
have also 10-centent earnings. Those two
things are enough to keep at least
equity markets in China doing quite well
here today. We're seeing the rest of
Asia a little bit of a pullback here as
well. But CSI 300 we're seeing it up
about a tenth of 1%. uh that Bank of
America survey had talked about China
turning enthusiastic when it came to
sentiment just based on expectations
that Beijing will take steps to tackle
deflation. So they're making a lot of
these local brokerages as well drawing a
lot of comparisons between this rally to
previous bull markets as well. So is it
different this time around certainly is
the key question. CTL shares are up
about 1%. Uh that certainly is helping
to lift most of the large caps and and
the like here in the benchmark today. Uh
crude though is a selling off a little
bit. We're down about one and a half
percent. So is some of these commodities
like iron ore and steel, but they also
have had a pretty terrific run. You take
a look how Hong Kong is doing and it's
really kind of the 10-centent story.
We're seeing the stock as well as the
hang basically trading around the
highest we've seen since 2021. So this
in the back of those earnings, which we
will break down very soon with Bloomberg
Intelligence is Robert Lee. He braved
this black rainstorm to come talk to us
through it. Uh HSBC slightly down, but
the rest of the tech space is doing very
well. JD.com's coming up next. We got a
preview of that later on. Mayan, those
at 1.6% as well. We talked about those
price targets for 10-centent basically
are upgraded much higher here as well in
the last 24 hours. We're watching honky
dollar given that intervention from
HKMA. Once again, we're still trading
around the weaker end of the band right
now. But yes, the fix for the PBOC was
quite interesting as well. The strongest
fix we've seen this year on the back of
this sort of weak dollar story that
we're seeing. invested really kind of
reiterating once again that maybe we
could see rake cuts and much more of it
in the next coming weeks or months as
well. So more of those tens earnings now
and that beat right so 15% when it comes
to second quarter revenue jump driven by
doubledigit growth in most major
business segments. Bloomberg
Intelligence says that the company's
margins have likely peaked though
despite its solid outlook. Let's bring
in Bloomberg Intelligence senior analyst
Robert Lee. Yeah, everyone seems very
exuberant as you say, you know, when it
comes to these earnings. What's your
take?
>> Yeah, I think I mean they were the the
numbers were solid. Uh they were
confirmatory. Uh they highlighted the
relative defensiveness of uh 10 cents
business versus some of their peers in
the e-commerce sector. You look at the
issues and the challenges that the likes
of Alibaba with a price war are facing
at the moment. So relative to some of
its immediate peers, these were very
solid results. uh however I would say
they were largely in line or marginally
better than what the market expected
sort of cutting through the exuberance
and the headlines out there at the
moment. So for example at the adjusted
net income level the numbers were just
1.7% ahead. At the adjusted operating
profit level they were less than 4%
ahead. So it was a beat but it wasn't a
smashed numbers out of the park sort of
uh big bang sort of moment for them. You
know it's it's it's a very conservative
defensive company. The numbers last
night highlighted the relative strength
of the business in what is still a
relatively uncertain external
environment. You know, in other words,
tariffs, you know, slowing economic
growth, the uncertainties on the
consumer front, etc. And I think the
exuberance is more related to external
factors as you said in your intro,
potential ongoing weakness of the
dollar, um potential scope for further
stimulus measures in China and what the
Chinese government may do to further
boost consumption and further support
the property markets. So it's these
external factors which are driving uh an
increase in sentiment in the China tech
sector, not so much the numbers and
blowout numbers themselves.
>> Yeah. It could be a case of good company
but not so good stock which which I
think is is is something that's come up
as far as tan goes. What do you what do
you make of the AI spending and the
guidance there?
>> They've hiked their AI spending
significantly but again that was
expected and and you know looking at US
peers and and other peers locally. Uh
you know this is uh an acrosstheboard
phenomenon at the moment. I think
something we've argued over the last 18
months or so uh the likes of Tencent and
and big platforms have great scope to
generate internal cost savings and
efficiencies by applying AI within their
own business and there was evidence of
that last night. So again that's a
positive. Um but it was interesting on
some of the analyst questions the Q&A at
the end of the session. um you know
there were some questions about
potential monetization outlook and as
you if you will recall that's a point I
continuously bring up when we have our
little uh chats on these things. I think
the outlook for monetization
particularly within a China AI context
remains very challenged um because it's
a hyper competitive market. Um, I think
consumers don't yet fully recognize the
value that AI offers and therefore are
unwilling to pay. And in a market which
is really flooded by freeto access
products. You know, why should you pay?
If DeepS, which I've got downloaded on
my phone, started charging, to be
honest, I'd probably even, you know,
great product though it is, I would
probably delete it and just download the
next free app. So, it's quite a
challenged environment um to monetize.
>> Yeah, we're still not at a point where
the ecosystem is ready to pay for AI.
where we know that they're willing to
pay in gaming and you know the gaming
and the titles there. What what do you
make of what they've done so far?
Because it's not just 10-centent. I
think some of the other peers in the
industry today, Net Ease, Billy Billy
are also seeing feeling some tailwinds.
>> Yeah, gaming actually going back to
Tencent numbers. Uh gaming was a real
stand up particularly on international
games benefiting from some currency
effects. Um but one of their main
overseas subsidiaries is Supercell, uh
which is um the company behind a you
know a few smash hits including Clash of
Clans etc. So um it was the strength
within the external gaming market.
Something we've also heard from the
likes of Sony etc. and obviously
Nintendo. Um so at least that highlights
the strength of external uh demand in
the global video game market remains
pretty robust at the moment. But it was
gaming and ads which really drove the
anticipated strength in 10-cent numbers.
AI is not yet making a major impact on
their business at the bottom line. And
based on our published view, we don't
think that's likely to change over the
next two to three years or so.
>> Robert, thank you so much. Robert Lee
there out of Bloomberg Intelligence, our
senior analyst there. And by the way, we
get more analysis on 10 cents, the
company, and also the stock could be two
separate conversations here. and what
they signal were China's tech and AI
ambitions. Franklin Templeton and of
course Nicholas Chuy does hold the stock
is one of their biggest holdings if not
the biggest on some of their strategies.
He'll be joining us uh in about 25
minutes from now.
>> Yep. The Aussie job numbers have just
come out here and yeah it's actually
sort of in line with what people are
expecting here. 24,500 gains uh jobs
that were gained month on month. The
estimate was for 25,000. So slight beat
on that front as well. Participation
rate came in slightly below at 67% but
pretty much in line and that jobless
rate also in line at 4.2%. So there you
go. The Aussie is rallying on the back
of that but we come off a little bit
here. But certainly this is on the back
of of course what we heard from the RBA
this week after their cut of maybe
they're going to be more gradual in this
easing cycle too.
>> Yeah. Well, they've been they've started
the easing cycle ahead and of course
that takes us into the Fed that has
paused its easing cycle and I just bring
that up and juxtapose those two things
because the you know the bonds in
Australia for example are tracking the
rally that we had in treasuries
overnight treasuries are flat right now
that takes us into the Fed conversation
and you know Scott Bessant and many of
the many things that we talked to uh
Scott Besson about the Treasury
Secretary now he says it was actually
Donald Trump's uh the president's idea
when it comes to Nvidia itself and AMD
to resume those lower-end chip sales to
China while paying a 15% cut. Now, he
also told us a deal could serve as a
model for others in the future.
>> The president is one of the most
open-minded people I know. He does
everything at first principles. Why do
we do things this way? Why shouldn't we
do it the other way? And you know, I I
think that this is a very unique
solution. Allows Nvidia to expand into
China. It can make Nvidia chips the uh
bellweather for Chinese technology and
then the US taxpayer gets a share of
that.
>> Key word unique. Is it unique to Nvidia
and AMD or is this a model for other
companies?
>> I I think we could see it in other
industries over time. I think you know
right now uh this is unique but you know
now now that we have the model and the
the beta test why not expand it. What do
you say to people who think we're
putting a price on national security
concerns by basically selling export
licenses?
>> Uh there no national security concerns
here. We would not uh sell any of the
advanced chips. So the H20s, I don't
know whether you'd say there are four,
five, six levels down the the chip
stack. What we do not want here and
Marie is for Huawei to have a digital
belt and road. Right. So we we do not
want the standard to become Chinese
across the world or even in China.
>> Well, we have exclusive reporting that
Beijing is now sending out letters to
firms saying actually shrug off those
H20 and use our domestic champions. Is
this something you might discuss with
your counterpart?
>> Oh, sure. We we we can discuss that. But
it it also tells me that they are
worried about the Nvidia chips becoming
the standard in China. Look, you know,
Nvidia is an incredible product. Uh, a
lot of the technology in China is, you
know, they're piggybacking. And I'll use
piggybacking as a kind word for uh
acquiring uh our our technology.
>> Do you mean stealing
>> your words and yes, that's what I mean.
And the
Nvidia Jensen Wong just stays years
ahead of them.
>> Criticism came from the Wall Street
Journal editorial board though about
this new unique policy. They say it's a
step toward government control of
private business. Are you concerned some
of these polies are starting to look
like the country you're actually trying
to derisk from?
>> Uh,
>> central planning basically out of the
oval.
>> No, no, no, no, not not not at all.
Because where where we got was with this
un unfettered trade uh we did not have
secure trade or fair trade and so now we
are trying to make it secure. So, you
know, you you don't want to we're not
sending out the the highest level chips
and you know, we we don't want to sell
everything to everybody. So, there there
is a need for uh intervention.
>> US Treasury Secretary Scott Besson there
speaking to Bloomberg's Jonathan Pharaoh
and Amarie Hordern. And subscribers can
watch us live and see our past
interviews on our interactive TV
function TV go. We can also dive into
any of the securities or Bloomber
functions that we talk about and become
part of the conversation. Send us
instant messages or questions for our
guests throughout the shows. This is
Bloomberg
[Music]
earnings on tap here today. Certainly we
got through 10 cent and now we got
plenty more to come. JD.com, JD Health
amongst the some of the tech space as
well in terms of the automakers. You got
J and and Lenovo certainly still talking
a little bit more about what you know
demand for for laptops and the like are
going to be like MTR Heisen as well. So
certainly there's a lot still in the
pipeline too Dave and you've been kind
of crunching a lot of those numbers too
about how you know estimates are and
what analysts are really expecting this
time around. Yeah, I think when you look
at the 12 month the sort of consensus,
you you put the the projections and sort
of individual stocks in Msei China
together, what you get is a projection
of about let's call it $6.80, which
effectively now puts us back near not
quite there just yet. And we'll see what
the next few days looks like near the
highest level in about uh 2 or 3 years
or so. Now as you can see though the
earning story has recovered but the
other point is we haven't recovered
quite yet as far as if you even take the
chart even further back. Uh you'll do
see the distance of course that we need
to move up but then again it's about the
delta and the recent earnings upgrades
have been enough to take us to this
level will the next few days once we get
more information from JD.com as you
point out Lenovo's coming out as well uh
a big list a long list here in Hong
Kong. We'll see whether or not this
number keeps going up. it tread suggests
that's the case but we'll see Ivon.
>> Yep. And let's focus a little bit more
on on a few. Right. So JD.com is really
the next one to watch. Bloomberg
Intelligence is now saying when it comes
to adjusted second quarter operating
profit could have dropped below the
previous year's level for the first time
in three years. Here to break it down
for us is our senior analyst Katherine
Lim. Katherine, you know, let's let's
talk a little bit more about this whole
aggressive push that JD.com is going
through when it comes to food and
ondemand delivery. How sustainable is
that given that we've seen very steep
profit downgrades already compared with
the likes of Alibaba and maidto
>> right Ivon JD.com clearly as um do you
know the uh newest entrance and into
this business itself the magnitude of
its push is um a lot higher than that of
Mtoan and Alibaba who already had
presence in this business so really I
think what we're going to see from
tonight's results is do you know the
impact of that push? Um the scale of
that itself will hurt profit. We all
know that. Um so what JD really needs to
do over the cost and present itself
tonight is its ability to actually scale
up its ecosystem so that it can actually
get that cost synergies whether it's the
kitchens that it is actually rolling out
on a central basis. Um you know being
able to actually um secure and retain
merchants without the excessive
subsidies. um you know without being
able to really you know retain this
itself. I do think that you know
JD.com's going to have an issue trying
to actually sustain this accelerated
pace of expansion over the course of the
next three to four quarters.
>> Yeah. So Katherine, what I guess on that
point of expansion and you know this
competitive pressures between the firms
here, what early signs are you looking
at that would indicate that that
competitive pressure among the three is
is maybe starting to pull back a little
bit.
>> Right, David? on my wish list. You know,
really I think as you know, we've seen
the government intervention coming in to
actually try to tame down a bit of that
excessive subsidies, but we continue to
see actually see promotions. And what I
would really want to see is to get to um
volume still growing without the
excessive subsidies. So far in the
course of the last three weeks, we
haven't had had very much um updates
particularly from JD.com and Mtoan. And
of course, you know, hopefully that
flows down to earnings um upgrades
coming through from JD.com after very
heavy slashes that we have seen in the
course of the LA last 5 months of up to
like 94%.
>> And we're seeing more signals of
consumption stimulus, right? I mean, to
what extent do you think this
government's new consumption loan
subsidy program can actually offset some
of the margin pressures for these
companies now?
>> Right. Right. I guess the new um
consumption loan subsidy um what it's
going to really do is that you know come
September itself we might actually see
that cushion coming in from an elevated
base and you know taking a step back
we've already started seeing stimulus
kicked in last year. So the base effect
is high this new consumption loan
subsidy program is going to actually
help lift the consumption um over the
next four to six months. Um but the
question really remains um in 2026 how
sustainable is this really going to be
as the bay cons as the base continuously
gets higher. So I think um at least in
the near term a bit of a relief for
JD.com and Alibaba or those who are
exposed to um whether it is um the
bigger ticket consumer goods like home
appliances, electronics, a little bit of
that tourism is definitely going to
help.
Katherine, thank you. Katherine Lim uh
in Singapore for us. Now, let's turn our
attention from tech and platforms to
autos. You have Julie on deck today.
Traders expect the company to uh report
an increase of 35 to 40% in first half
revenue. That's some strong deliveries,
particularly when you look at its mass
market offerings. Let's bring in Linda
Lou, our transport reporter, to help us
understand and contextualize what
specific metrics we should be watching
here uh today when Julie reports.
So like you said the revenue growth is
um quite healthy as uh analysts have
predicted although the net income uh
profits are going to grow by a smaller
scale reflecting this really intense
price war that's still ongoing in the
China auto space. Um analysts are also
watching if there's going to be guidance
on how Jile as well as its uh rivals and
peers in the industry are going to
respond to the government's call to cut
back on some of these unhealthy
competition like price cuts and
discounting. So we're going to be
watching for that closely.
>> Yeah. Can you tell us a bit more about
what how this anti-involution campaign I
mean the fact that they're targeting the
auto sector now how would this impact
companies like J.
>> So one of the biggest concerns that
government government uh has had is that
all of this price cuts is actually just
squeezing uh margins all across this
auto supply chain. um you've got the
manufacturers cutting prices. So,
they're trying to pass that pressure
onto their suppliers and then the
suppliers will talk to their own and try
to delay payments or keep cutting
prices. So, that could actually send
some of the smaller players uh you know
into bankruptcies. Uh so, the government
doesn't want to see that. And other than
you know urging uh the automakers to
stop um unreasonable price cuts they've
also asked them to pay their bills on
time. So all of these could add
pressures to the manufacturers's cash
flow and with price cuts uh maybe
scaling back that could hurt sales
actually. uh we've had industry bodies
um you know talk about how sales in July
was uh slower than uh what had come in
the months before possibly due to you
know price discounting being scaled back
>> and Linda the this reshuffleling or
reorg in the company do we get an update
today you think
>> yes so we're also hoping to hear what
management has to say about there um the
J auto which is the Hong Kong listed arm
of uh Lee Shu the billionaire founders
auto empire how this uh Hong Kong listed
arm is going to proceed with the tape
private bid for Ziko which is the
premium uh EV brand that's listed in the
US. So the company actually said earlier
that this uh the listing process is
going ahead and it's probably going to
be completed by the end of the year. Uh
so we're probably going to hear how you
know this reolding of Zika back into
Gile Auto is going to be carried out and
maybe how possibly that could bring some
of um bring greater cost uh savings and
synergies across the group.
Linda, thank you. Linda Lou there, our
China Autos reporter there. And we have
C Julie shares down about one and a
half% leading up to those results. This
is Bloomberg
[Music]
>> here in Bloomberg. You know, we talk
about the weather, but we got to do it
in a very geeky way as well, right? we
still got to time and you know crunch
the numbers about how long these sort of
black rain warnings lasted the last five
and two weeks right so it seems like
it's mostly about what 1 to two hours
here apart from what we saw at August
5th um but then again yeah you never
know with the weather here
>> it's so I think the one today was was
the hoisted at 7:50 local
>> so it's about it's about 2 hours now and
they'll say it's going to be until 11:00
right so at least it will surpass the
first three
>> memes though about how you know people
get to work and like oh switch it to
black oh switch it to black
>> yes the casino one
>> right
>> I love those
>> yeah the casino one anyway at some point
the models will maybe have to get
updated because yeah we didn't really
know how bad the thing was going to be
until we got into work this morning and
could see nothing out our windows like
Yes.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300 half hour into the
session and things are looking still
pretty good here and we are on track of
actually hitting those 10-year highs for
that benchmark. MCI China hanging as
well in particular watching some key
levels there. We're reaching basically
four-year highs if we end this way. 10
cents certainly has been lifting a lot
of the boat here this morning given the
the impressive second quarter results as
some analysts have described it. Yeah,
we're going to get you a wrap of what's
been said so far, particularly their
comments on AI, uh, which is something
that's emerged as a sort of subplot, as
a revenue generator for some of their
other businesses. As Ivan is pointing
out, we are hitting some superlatives
today. Uh, and couple of markets by the
way that are coming online like Jakarta,
which I think we'll talk about later,
could actually be seeing a a record high
today. Right. So 10 cent has pulled back
slightly from the slightly north of 600
level we opened at give or take still at
four year high. Samsung that's an
earnings story. SMIC and Lenovo ahead of
earnings is down about down about 3%.
And that really goes into how important
I guess these next set of earnings have
been and I think our guest in the
previous hour talked about how ignore
tariffs because earnings have really
been the big driver of of of price
action.
>> That's where you're seeing most of the
swings. Yeah,
>> I think I think Helen mentioned as well,
right? If if you beat that's one thing.
If you don't guide higher though, you
punish you quite punished, right? So
that's certainly one thing to watch in
the next few weeks or months as well. Uh
Hen though, as you say, we're getting
close to those four year highs as well
this morning. Um but you know, you talk
about what's really fueling this risk
rally. You know, not just when it comes
to tensent earnings, but it's really
about what's going on the macro picture,
right? when you have Scott Besson
continuing to chime in and say look 50
basis points cut in September is
something that you know he hopes to see
here as well and that you know rates
could actually go down by 150 basis
points in the next few months or so that
certainly is bringing down the dollar
really lifting the whole EN complex you
add 10 cent to all that and then yeah
things are looking good but we're still
seeing a bit of a pullback in the rest
of Asia here today
>> yeah after what's been a really good
three days anyway I mean Japan has
pulled back has has rallied quite
substantially I think the point that
Paul Dobson was making earlier on our uh
our markets editor in in Singapore was
the the the the Japan stories because
also the Japanese yen and some strength
coming through today is providing that
>> had a lot to say about that saying that
BOJ's behind the curve.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> I thought he was talking about the Fed
back then but that's what he's also
saying
>> the well it's so we actually ran a quick
correlation earlier on and as expected
Msem is still negatively correlated to
the dollar which is obviously a tailwind
when you look at that. So less or so now
compared to about a few weeks back. The
other thing we want to talk about is the
underlying fundamentals of this Chinese
economy. And I think we did get the the
credit numbers out late yesterday which
was a reminder I guess that you know the
demand for credit is still quite weak.
>> Yeah. Especially when new year end loans
right when they contracted for the first
time in two decades. It's it's quite a
rare drop.
>> And we're talking about what we're
seeing among borrowers is actually
they've net net been actually repaying
back those loans. So it just adds to
more worries and signs that maybe
households and companies have are just
even more reluctant to even take on more
debt right now.
>> Yeah. Maybe because of the timing then
of what we talked about this time
yesterday, you know, the subsidies into
personal loans and how that might be
able to help uh people take out more
credit and purchase more things. Of
course, uh the other big story is, as
we've already mentioned, but again,
we'll get into this right now. 10 cent
is the biggest mover of course in these
markets points wise. And you know, we're
four year highs. It's not a coincidence
that the Hangen index is at a four-year
high. It's not a coincidence that MSI EM
is at a four-year high. In fact, some of
the commentary that's come through from
the sales side today talking about AI.
>> Yeah. And really kind of you're starting
to see right the contributions to AI to
to some of these segments among the
Tensent ecosystem, right? So AI to
empower Tensent's entire business line
that's going to Goldman Sachs. There's
early signs that they're using AI to
boost the core business and particularly
when it comes to ads. That's a view from
city and this whole AI deployment to
drive solid sales growth uh from Morgan
Stanley as well. So, and it's really
kind of bringing these price targets,
right? Everyone's trying to catch up and
upgrade their price targets here in the
last what 24 hours.
>> I think it's up about 25 Hong Kong
dollars a pop. Uh there we go. Right.
So, since the company reported earnings,
we were at 630 on that. I'm not wearing
my proper glasses today. 640. We're now
at 664 uh as far as the price targets
go. So, that's about what? That's about
11 12% upside from current levels.
>> Yeah. Let's bring in our next guest,
Nicholas Ty, senior vice president and
portfolio manager at Franklin Templeton.
Tensson is among their top holdings uh
in the Templeton China fund that he
manages. Uh you must be happy about
this. Uh tell us a bit more about you
know what stood out to you in these
results.
>> So I'd say that the results were good
but it's good not just for 10centent
it's good for the sector but it's good
for China Inc. I think that's important
to distinguish the three buckets.
Obviously for the company itself, you
had games, domestic and international
games running nicely. So that's
execution, but that also reflects the
underlying propensity to spend by
gamers. That continuation there, very
nice. Uh that's a nice read across the
rest of the gaming sector. The key one I
want to focus on is advertising.
Advertising is a forwardlooking business
and I think like you mentioned there is
AI components in there. the outreach to
consumers, the outreach to corporates
has improved, but ultimately if people
didn't feel that the outlook was going
to be good, they wouldn't spend. Uh you
couldn't force them to spend. So I think
printing these kinds of numbers um just
one year on since we saw the government
pivot on the policy is important. It's
evidence that people are seeing a
brighter future, they're spending more
>> obviously on AI. uh it has a broader
read across to the sector uh and
continuing on the path that they set on
uh earlier on just a couple of months
ago just reinforces the importance of
that trend and again it's not just one
sector but again it's infiltrating
transcending across different verticals
and I think the monetization story is
going to play out in the coming quarters
because right now it's all about spend
uh but in the future I think we can
expect to see that come through. Do you
think it's a good proxy now for the
macro environment picking particularly
advertising which you point out is
forward-looking?
>> Definitely. So it's a bellweather not
just for the stock market just given the
size of the stock in the benchmarks but
also the real economy. You've got
WeChat, you've got all these programs.
So the outreach to both businesses and
individuals uh is almost unparalleled.
So definitely at least a stock to watch
to gauge the economic growth uh and how
it's changing uh is important because
ultimately if we're just focusing on
existing data like property sales or or
just you know general loan data I don't
think that's good enough. We do need to
look at how the economy is changing how
it's changed how consumers are changing
uh and their preferences changing as
well. And so if we see such numbers it
clearly tells a sign that there is
optimism there's growth. How do you view
the tone when it comes to how Tencent
approaches their AI capex and and and
spending? It seems like they're very
lower risk focused. They're quite
conservative. Would you like to see
more?
>> So, they've always been on the
conservative side and that's a good
thing and that's why they're still
around. Uh and that's why they are
still, you know, they are where they
are. Um because they're not going to
shoot themselves in the foot.
>> So, I don't blame them for that and in
fact that's a good thing. So, I give
them credit for that. uh and I think
they will spend where they see you know
there needs to be spending uh and I
think they're seeing that need so the
way I'm looking at the print is they are
seeing that need they guided earlier on
uh earlier in the year and they're
sticking with that so they haven't
changed tone uh and so I think for them
it's really about the next three five
years that they've set out and they're
really sticking and focused on that
>> as a stock itself I'm curious what you
think
>> is Tencent a defensive play because it's
so predictable and it delivers as you
can see almost on a quarter quarter
basis and is that an indication of weak
still market sentiment that that you
know that specific stock continues to do
well?
>> In a sense I'll disagree because I think
it actually it can be a proxy for
growth. Um if it wasn't growing you
wouldn't see 20% numbers on advertising
for instance. That's right.
>> Um so I would say that it's actually has
components that you can actually look
forward and say that oh there's actually
growth in the broader economy and this
is how they're participating. uh it's
defensive growth because it's got other
segments like games which are a lot more
stable uh probably less counter you know
more counteryclical in that sense uh but
overall I would say that given the
direction of travel with AI spend etc uh
is definitely has that strong growth
element to that
>> I was going to get the rest of your fund
and some of the top holdings that you
have includes the likes of mtoan
includes the likes the likes of BYD
which both of these sort of sectors are
going through intense price wars and
also this whole anti-evolution campaign
that the government is, you know, really
employing now, deploying now. Um, why
stick to these names in particular?
>> So, number one, there wouldn't be
competition if there wasn't growth. I
think these are businesses that are
really smart and they wouldn't be
spending money if they didn't think
there was a future. So, that's the first
thing that's really important to
understand. But what's really changing
is the perception of the outlook.
Companies now just versus a year ago are
spending more. They're hiring more. A
year ago, they were all hunkering down,
cutting cost. And so I say that they
think they're taking the view that the
total addressable market is changing and
that there's money to be made and that's
why there's this competition that's
going on. That said to your point in the
shorter term there is pain where there's
competition. Uh and as an investor we
have to be aware of that and definitely
we need to be cognizant about who maybe
comes out tops at the end of this. uh
how long this pro you know kind of kind
of prolongs for but the good thing now
is there's actually a lot more
visibility because companies have come
out to guide that they will spend X
dollars over the next one year so we
know that there's visibility it's a lot
of that's priced in as a result the read
across to the other players is what is
your response then are you going to
respond with an equally high amount of
money or how you going to do it
differently right that that becomes the
nature of the argument so that takes out
one side of the compet the element
whereby by the comp. We know what the
competition is doing now. We just need
to focus on these companies and see what
they say uh in the coming outlook.
>> Which I guess takes us into I want to
get your thoughts on BYD because for the
longest time this was a stock and
company that was seen as bulletproof to
all the competitive dynamics you just
outlined there and the growth right this
was the this was the bell weather. This
was number one stocks down 30%. And my
interpretation of that is the market now
sees this as perhaps suffering shortterm
because of the competition. What do you
think of the company's prospects and
separately what do you think of the
stock?
>> Great questions. So number one I think
we have to separate this into the
international business and the domestic
business.
>> Uh the reason why we can even discuss
about an international business and a
domestic business is because of its
integrated platform. So that's the first
thing that we cannot forget about a
company and a company like BYD the years
and years of R&D investment that have
gone in and therefore the compelling
products that it can sell not just in
China but globally. Obviously investors
uh have priced in a lot of I guess uh
skepticism on the domestic numbers. Uh
so a lot of that's in the price that's
well discussed. Um but the good thing is
you not seeing that price competition
take another leg down. Right. So that's
the first thing. But the highlight
really is the international business and
that's that's where it's almost like a
blue ocean because they're going out now
and they're really killing it
>> in so many different markets. Uh and
they are really doing it from scratch.
uh and this is I think a testament to
the product that they have uh because
they're you know a lot of times they're
just going out there they're just
selling it out selling competitors and
people are just buying their cars and
you can see social media going all you
know kind of advertising for them for
free essentially so I think it speaks to
how much they've how far they've come
and where they can go to from here so I
I really focus on the international
business because uh at this point I
think you know that there is a chance
that uh they do very very well on that
business and that's a higher margin
business let's not forget
>> and is that another way of saying the
market's too pessimistic over the stock
you think the stock's undervalued down
let's you call it 30% from the peak
>> so current valuations do value you kind
of do price in a lot and I think this is
a very interesting time to be looking at
this if you're not already involved uh
because ultimately is the international
side of the business going to stop I
don't think so they're just at the
beginning in fact if you just look at
the numbers right the guidance 800,000
for this year um versus where they are
on domestic so you can just see the
stark contrast But the international
business if I look at addressable market
is huge. So we we have to have to
remember what that's like and where they
are relative to that starting point.
>> I was going to take you also own some
banks as well. Why is it important to
still have income uh those strategies
moving forward here? We've already
already seen some of these dividend
yields come down quite a bit
>> in the last couple couple months.
>> So it's down to portfolio construction
uh partly. But let's not forget China
never used to be a yielding market.
China was just all about growth, right?
People never thought of China as a yield
market, a source of income, but that's
changed. It's changed across stateowned
enterprises. It's changed across private
enterprises. And it's changed, I think,
for good. So, there's a structural
change there where companies are willing
and able to give back more to
shareholders, you know, buybacks or
dividends, etc. And so, having some form
of income to supplement their growth
and, you know, to your point about, you
know, is it defensive? the in the
middle, the defensive growth, right? So,
kind of having that three buckets
>> to form a portfolio and play the China
story. I think that's you've got a lot
more choice than before. In fact, if I
if I can look at it that way.
>> Okay. Yeah. Well, it's a good problem to
have, right? If if you think of Okay.
So, speaking of three buckets, you look
at three strategies, right? Onshore,
offshore, and hybrid. Which of your
babies do you think will outperform?
What's the best China strategy you think
this year? So the H has outperformed the
A a lot,
>> right? But ultimately they are one
market. Let's not forget, right? This is
one economy. So it's important to
understand that ultimately they can't
run away from each other for too much.
And given how much the A shares have
lagged, certainly at least in the short
term, I think there's an opportunity
there for a bit of a catch-up play in a
sense. But ultimately if I look at you
know towards the end of the year there's
no reason why all three can't do well in
an absolute standpoint because earnings
are improving that's the good thing
right so even if you just stay flat in
terms of where you are in your PE ratio
which kind of we are at 10ear average
right so that's not excessive as long as
earnings grow and the outlook on
earnings continues to grow all three are
going to grow
>> choosing one of your children as your
favorite like they all I love them all
the Depends on when you ask as well
though, right? Yeah. Depends on the time
of day.
>> Time of the week. Nicholas, sorry.
Fantastic. Thank you so much for
bringing waving the weather uh coming in
to speak with us here. Uh Nicholas
Trader, senior VP and portfolio manager
at Franklin Templeton. Right. Uh we're
taking you now to Southeast Asia.
Jakarta Composite up and running 15
minutes give or take the cash market.
And we are, as you can see now, on track
to hit a record today. We're close to
8,000 on the Jakarta composite there.
>> Yeah. Still ahead on the China show,
investors are now urging Starbucks to
cut size, staff, and prices in China,
raising fears it could become just
another low price chain. But first,
Scott Besson telling Bloomberg it's time
for a series of cuts, starting with 50
basis points next month. Our interview
with the Treasury Secretary is next.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right. We're seeing a couple of things
take place in the market away from the
equity markets is well for one we are
looking at the continued melt up in CGB
yields and the long end 30-year bond
futures in fact early on extending their
losses to half of 1% we have uh bond
auctions coming through uh on the
mainland and here in Hong Kong in terms
of remmbb denominated debt that's point
number one point number two is really
underscores the uh the move in the macro
because of the data on the macro with
loans as you can see they're contracting
for the first time uh in about 20 years.
That's in July effectively because
people started repaying their debt and
that effectively took that uh that
figure uh to negative. It's also a sign
that households and companies have been
reluctant to add on even more debts. And
let's bring in Minlo, our China
correspondent to help us understand the
key takeaways of this uh the previous
month's credit numbers. Yeah, it's
actually pretty alarming because we are
seeing this contraction in new UN loans
for the first time in two decades. So,
we are seeing this contraction in mid to
long-term loans from both households and
corporates. Households had already been
declining for for some time, but
corporates is the first time first
contraction since 2017. And it shows you
that both households and corporates are
now more focused on paying back their
loan rather than taking up more. and
it's coinciding with this dimming
outlook that we see from the PBOC's
latest survey in terms of people's
outlook on employment, on growth, on
prices. And perhaps that explains why
the government had recently announced
this new consumer loan subsidy program
to support the payment of interest rates
for both individuals and companies
especially in the services sector. So we
did see the overall broad measure of
credit up by 1.2 trillion yen. that is
still missing estimates despite uh the
is the acceleration in the issuance of
government bonds as well.
>> Yeah. So we're still seeing signs of yes
weak credit demand. Is this going to
push you know monetary and fiscal policy
forward and you know are they going to
have to speed up this easing now?
>> Yeah. So according to our Bloomberg
intelligence or Bloomberg uh economics
team they expect that we could see maybe
a 20 basis point cut to interest rates
and a 50 basis point to uh cut to triple
R. Um, initially their expectation was
for end September and now they're
bringing that forward to the next few
weeks. But we're already seeing this
revision of expectations because you
recall just a few weeks ago after the
pilot bureau meeting the readout came
out there was there wasn't really any
expectation at all for any monetary
easing going forward and now because of
all the data that's coming out uh we
expecting these cuts to come sooner
rather than later. We saw similar sort
of commentary coming through from the
PBC linked newspapers as well. Uh but in
terms of fiscal policy, because there's
been so much announcements recently in
terms of the welfare spending, the
support to preschools, uh to child care,
and then the consumer loan subsidies as
well, uh the expectation is that the
government will likely let that take
hold and let time play out and see what
the effect is before they would roll out
more stimulus.
>> All right, Mman, thank you. Our China
correspondent, she's been covering
everything for us this morning. We got
plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessence has
made his most explicit call yet for the
Fed to begin a uh cycle of deep interest
rate cuts. He told us that the current
central bank leadership has been taking
too much of an old-fashioned approach to
monetary policy.
>> President Trump is very good at giving
these nicknames. And I think the reason
that the uh Jay Powell gets the nickname
too late is because he wants to go into
a series of rate hikes. He's not
willing. He's not Alen Greenspan who was
very forwardthinking. They try to be
more data driven, which I think is a
mistake because I think we are going
back into an economy like we had in the
90s. So, you know, it it's just very
old-fashioned thinking. But I do think
we could go into a series of rate cuts
here, starting with a 50 basis point
rate cut in September.
>> A 50 basis rate cut in September. Does
that signal that the economy though is
not doing well? uh that that signals uh
that there's an adjustment and that that
the rates are too constrictive. If if
you look at any model that the you know
if if you we we should probably be 150
175 basis points lower. So you know I I
think the committee needs to step back.
I I think uh probably one of the most
politicized governors just went off the
board and that she she was uh very very
political, I believe. And I think that
um now
>> what did she do that gave you that
impression? I'd love to know.
>> Sorry.
>> I imagine you're referring to Governor
Cougler. What did she do that gave you
that? I I think there's a lot of inside
baseball and look Governor Cougar, you
read read what she was saying with Kla
Harris was running that we needed rate
cuts, we needed this, we got to phone
the runway and then all of a sudden it
it was hard to know whether you know TDS
was it Trump
dement dimension syndrome or Trump
derangement syndrome or tariff
derangement syndrome.
>> You get the opportunity to remake the
Federal Reserve. the president gets the
opportunity to remodel, reshape the
Federal Reserve. And I'm not talking
about the remodeling that maybe the
current chairman's going through. We'll
talk about that another time. Want to
talk about the complexion and character
of the committee, the changes that
you're making at the moment. Steven
Marin, let's start with Steven. How
quickly can you get Marin confirmed?
>> Uh we'll we'll see. I you the the
president uh has great sway with leader
Thun. Leader Thoon's been a great
partner during the tax deal and I think
that he would like to see uh Steven who
I I've known for a long time get on
there as soon as possible. So I'm I'm
hopeful about the September meeting and
you Jonathan that the the president's
concerned about the building and those
massive cost overrun which which just
tell you that there is no accountability
at that organization. There's no
oversight in terms of the spending. But
the president and I are both concerned
about the foundations of the Fed.
>> That was Scott Bessent there. Of course,
he was Treasury Secretary with Anmarie
and John Far of course overnight covered
a lot of things including Japan which we
can get to later on. Right. Just very
quickly and maybe just on the back of
those comments on the Fed and you know
as interest rates come down you know
what does it mean for risk assets and
that runway um and one of the iterations
of that has been a bitcoin which is
trading at a level we have never seen
record high we're looking at a crypto
related rally across the equity complex
here earnings is also a big theme today
so we talked about 10 cent has reported
coming out today are some of those names
including Lenovo and some earnings as
well coming through there morehead this
is
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are hanging to that lunch break in just
a moment. Uh, one thing to watch really
is this yen strength that we're seeing
uh, in Tokyo here this morning. We're
getting it to about 146 147 levels here
right now. perhaps this is on what we
heard from Scott Besson talking a little
bit more about you know Japan should be
doing more uh when it comes to lifting
rates there and there are in some ways
behind the curve right now uh and so
there you go we're seeing a bit of
strength there that is weighing on
equities a little bit there uh in Tokyo
this morning and GGB yields are up about
one basis points on the 10-year
>> yeah the yen is strengthening the most
in two weeks and I think certainly that
goes into why perhaps to Ivon's point
we're seeing some pressure in equity
markets and you know the also the
strongest fix by the way in case you
miss out of the PBOC uh this year uh so
far. Just one thing to mention as well.
So we're looking at shares of AS6. There
we go. Down 3%. We spoke to a COO
earlier on who talked about all of the
big themes we talk about, right? So
tariffs and they've decided to not pass
on those tariffs to consumers just yet.
They've talked about growth and
everything in between. So yeah, you can
that was a fantastic interview our folks
did earlier on show. So you can scroll
back on TV go to catch that one with the
AS6 co. Speaking of earnings, we are in
the thick of things here in greater
China. We talked about Tencent and some
of the big names reporting later today.
We're pulling back on the benchmark
itself. That's really a more a Japan
story to a lesser extent, Korea and
Taiwan. Uh some bright spots though,
including Hong Kong and also Jakarta uh
which is last week check still set to uh
close at a record high in Indonesia.
Right. One market that was flirting with
a record high at one point yesterday
isn't quite today, but you know at some
point we'll get there and maybe maybe
very very soon is Taiwan and stocks
there are reclaiming in fact their lead
over South Korea which is about I think
about 2 and a half 3% also from record
highs currently that's driven by robust
demand for AI this growing investor
unease over sold proposed market reforms
the shift actually marks this reversal
from really earlier this year when the
tables return and we were talking about
Korea uh over Taiwan. Uh John Chang is
with us our Asia socks reporter to help
us understand the underlying dynamics
between these two markets that you know
people confuse with one another because
of the AI theme. Why are we seeing this
sort of nent rotation from Korea to
Taiwan? John
>> I mean the reversal has really only
happened over the past month or so. If
you remember um Korea up till a month
ago or so has been the clear
outperformer in Asia thanks to you know
optimism over the new president and the
promise on corporate governance reform
etc. And Taiwan has really lagged
because um earlier this year there's
been a lot of doubts over um deepseek
and and the cost of AI and intensifying
competition competition etc. But you
know the tables have turned as you
mentioned uh Thai X has outperformed COP
this month. I think one major reason
being you know there's increasing
optimism again over AI. We saw the
second quarter earnings of TSMC very
upbeat and they have also raised uh the
fullear revenue guidance. So, you know,
that's a big plus for Thai X since TSMC
makes up about 40% of uh TYX's waiting.
And at the same time, you know, some
developments in Soul, including uh
corporate uh a plan to hike corporate
tax that's really angering a lot of
retail investors and you know, really
casting a doubt over whether um um the
sole government is really uh uh doubling
down on that sort of promises on
corporate governance reform. So you know
these dynamics have caused u um the
tables to turn a little bit but whether
uh the nent rotation is here to stay
remains to be uh observed.
>> Yeah it's interesting right? Uh this
morning HSBC just came out and
downgraded Korea stocks there from un
from neutral to underweight. They're
saying basically the market has gone too
frothy and valuations in certain sectors
are quote very high from Harold
Vanderland. So what are the analysts
saying right now? Do they actually
expect this trend to continue?
Yeah. Uh the HCC report is quite
interesting. It mentioned that Korean
market has become a little bit frothy
and and from a valuation perspective if
you look at the price to uh earnings
ratio for CSP is about 10.5 times uh
which is about in line with uh the
5-year average meaning the market is not
as cheap as before. It's still cheap but
not as cheap as before. But if you look
at uh uh the specific names and sectors
for example uh um the the holding
companies the defense uh uh the the
nuclear related shares they have run up
quite a bit this year. So you know
valuations have indeed become quite
expensive. So you know from that kind of
perspective there's indeed a little bit
of room for uh Taiwan to catch up in
terms of fund positioning after the
strong rally this year. A lot of the
funds have already increased their
waiting on on Korea and it's more of a
close to neutral kind of positioning in
Korea's and and that means you know
further room to increase on on waiting
can be capped from here onwards.
>> John, thank you John Chang there. Our
Bloomberg Asia stocks reporter joining
us out of Singapore and coming up we're
talking more about Everrand Group. Now
the case is now entering to a critical
phase as liquidators target founder Hay
Cayenne's assets. We have the details
coming up next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. I'm about an hour
into the cash market sessions here and
the Shanghai Composite really has been
the the acrylect benchmark. We've been
tracking on the mainland itself given
how it's outperformed session highs as
you can see and that now puts us really
within striking distance perhaps a
couple of minutes away. We'll see how
the next few minutes uh plays out. We're
about a third of 1% away from hitting a
fresh 10-year high on that specific
benchmark. So, we'll see how that looks.
In fact, on the chart, it looks like
this for you. uh 3/10en of 1% to
completely reverse all the losses from
2021.
So could be a matter of minutes or in
this case could be a matter of days. I
mean who knows really how
>> yeah animal spirits are back in some
ways right this resurgence that we're
seeing is quite remarkable as well.
Let's talk a little bit more about
Everrand. The liquidators are preparing
to focus now on the company's founder
Hay Cayenne during a hearing that's
scheduled for early next month. Now, Hay
has so far refused to discuss his
assets, escalating tensions between him
and creditors. For more, let's bring in
our China credit reporter, Crystal Law.
She's she's with us. And tell us a bit
more about what they're going to be
focusing on in this trial.
>> Yeah, so um last year liquidator filed a
lawsuit against um seven dividends
including um the founder like Hu Kaien
to try to recoup like$6 billion dollars
in dividend and remunerations from them.
Um so the trial against actually uh
coming back in early September and uh
previously most of the trial only focus
on uh Hay's ex-wife Ad and also Ever
Grand CEO um Jun. So right now um Hu has
refused to disclose his assets and
experts told us he might you know deploy
the same strategy trying to ask for
court adjourment trying to appeal and uh
you know refuse to disclose his access.
So it's still at an early stage of this
trial
>> and I mean risking asking the obvious
here why is he so important to these
proceedings then and how he maybe
changes his legal strategy or not. Yeah.
So who is actually the center uh
characters of Ever Grand u filing show
he controls 60% of the company and the
company was worth more than 50 billions
at his peak back in 2017 and he also has
pockets over 7 billion dollars uh over
the past decade because of uh the
company's generous paid out. So it's
really the key to uh you know for
liquidator to pursue uh persuade you
know uh high court to convince you know
they have to let to disclose his access
and it's also account uh for an eighth
of the preliminary estimated deblo which
is um $45 billion. So it will be
actually a victory if they can you know
have way to disclose his asset.
>> And you and your team yesterday had a
good scoop about how liquidators are
actually have hired bankers to really
sell one of their assets as well. What
more do we know at this point?
>> Yeah. So we know that liquidator has
mandated banks to help them to sell um
Everrand property service is one of the
most valuable assets um Everrand still
have right now and um it's worth uh
about like $1.1 billion and so we need
to follow really close on how that sales
goes but obviously it still face a lot
of hurdles on that sales. Trista,
fantastic. Thank you so much. Trista law
there on the latest on Everrand, the
proceedings in court and of course
separately, but related to that, the
exercise to maybe sell some of the still
valuable assets. Speaking of valuable
assets still and perhaps could remain
the case, Starbucks in China. But you
have P investors, tech companies are
advising Starbucks that to survive in
China, it needs a couple of things,
smaller stores, fewer staff, and lower
prices. But that's worrying some
investors who really see a race to the
bottom destroying the coffee chains
margins in that specific market. Rachel
Chang, our Glo Asia uh global business
managing editor is with us right now to
help us understand. Rachel, well, the
challenges certainly are quite clear
here for Starbucks. What do they do now?
>> Right. I think um you know that's really
the question that perhaps Starbucks is
also asking themselves. I mean we know
that they've launched this um stake
sale. We do know that there's very
interesting companies that are in the
mix. You know, companies like Tencent,
for example, um a lot of private equity
firms like Hill House. And you know,
what our reporting really shows is that
what these Chinese players, what they're
telling Starbucks is they need to cut
costs. They need to, you know, lower the
amount of people that they hire to like
kind of have those stores, you know,
those famous stores be much smaller.
essentially, you know, telling them that
they need to be more like the local
lowcost Chinese players that, you know,
have beaten Starbucks in China at the
moment. And, you know, there's a real
tension there between, you know, what
Starbucks has been doing for so many
years in China, you know, where they
really think of themselves as this
premium player. You know, they've really
avoided cutting prices. They've really
emphasized these like beautiful stores
near tourist attractions which are very
expensive to maintain. um you know and
there has been a little bit of
turnaround in sales but the last um
period you know coming from the pandemic
has really been bad for them. They've
lost that you know Chinese crown to lock
in of course um so I do think it's a
it's a moment of of the company being at
a crossroads.
>> Yeah. A bit of an identity crisis
really. Um what about this whole attempt
to sell a stake? How does it affect
Starbucks's outlook in China?
>> Right. Right. I mean I think that is the
biggest question that investors are
thinking about right now because we do
know from our reporting that all of
these uh prospective investors you know
like I said really big private equity
companies big internet companies they do
want a controlling state because in the
Chinese business because they don't feel
that they can be effective otherwise and
you know Starbucks has made it clear
that uh they want an investor that's
aligned with their vision but at the
same time we do know that Starbucks
globally is you know struggling as well
to kind of turn around that business
that the CEO is very focused on for
example the US stores and you know other
parts of the world where they're really
trying to get Starbucks in the right
footing as well. So maybe they might
make the decision that hey let's just
you know sort of let China be you know
give China to a local player that might
know it better in which case I think
we'll see a very different Starbucks you
know going forward in China.
>> Yeah. Um it certainly is going to be
very interesting to see how it unfolds.
uh Rachel Chen there, Asia global
business managing editor. There's a
great sort of story and person they
interviewed in the story
>> about how, you know, Starbucks taught me
how to enjoy coffee when I was in
college. Now I need coffee every day,
but no longer I want to pay for
Starbucks. I'm going to go for some of
these cheaper options as well.
>> Yeah. So, and consumer, you know, they
definitely are going to to move and
based on where these price cuts and
everything and where prices are and, you
know, they're they're going to look for
cheaper options now that, you know, the
coffee culture has really kind of
exploded there
>> and the cheaper options are widely
available. Yeah. Why would why wouldn't
you
>> why wouldn't you
>> go for go for a cheaper option? In fact,
just in that very consumption theme,
right, it's really a challenge not just
for Starbucks, many traditional brands,
luxury brands specifically, when you
look at that, uh challenging because of
these changing new consumption trends
for everything that's cheaper, more
economical or just changing behavior. Uh
you struggling to attract buyers uh this
trend really has emerged. In fact, Lu
Gold is a very good example of that
shifting uh in in the tides here. It's a
grow homegrown retailer. It surging
popularity. You look at the stock on
your screen. It's thanks to this
culturally rich designs, high purity
gold products, and our correspondent
Minman Lo in fact has been exploring the
strategic moves that have been fueling
Laoo's success.
China's growth looks set to decelerate
in the second half of the year after a
resilient first half as export
frontloading fades and retail sales
remain stuck at mid-s single digits
showing little sign of immediate
recovery in non-subsidized sectors but
in this downturn gold has surged and
along with it pure gold jewelers like
Laool
Ben and Co estimates that China's luxury
market sales last year had planned to by
20% But Lu Gold bucks the trend because
gold jewelry is not just a symbol of
prestige. It's also a hedge amid falling
property prices and volatile financial
markets.
Walk into a luxury mall in China and you
might find a long queue of people
waiting to enter its stores. Since its
IPO in June last year, the share prices
has soared 1,800%.
I am born and raised in China, right?
When I talk about when I think of a gold
a piece of gold jewelry, usually I
associate that with something my parents
or even grandparents generation would
wear.
Gold jewelry once seen as old-fashioned
by some is making a comeback driven by
Laool which has flipped the script by
embracing heritage gold hand engraved
heirlooms using ancient gold smmithing
techniques once worn by emperors and
nobility. the overall trend of embracing
this cultural heritage or you know
Chinese aesthetics inspired products. I
don't think all of that is just a fad.
It's definitely a sustainable trend.
This has helped the firm attract a
younger audience. Moonfox data says more
than a third of its buyers are aged 26
to 35.
Lau has become one of the three sisters
of new consumption. Alongside breakout
stars, Portmmart and Mishuare. With the
government boosting domestic demand
through subsidies, analysts say
non-subsidized sectors can still find
growth with premium offerings, localized
branding, and improved customer
experiences. Exactly the strategy that
Lu is following.
>> They try to plant or combine or embed
their own kind of cultural component
into their design. And that is why we
actually think Lapu has actually the
highest potential to be the first legit
Chinese high-end luxury brand.
>> Despite the share prices rallying triple
digits this year, investors are still
bullish with a 12-month price target 30%
above the current trading price. The
true test though is whether Lapu can
still shine when the gold rally fades.
Papu is also trying to decouple the
relationship between gold price and its
own product price. So I think ultimately
what it wants to achieve is that
consumer is not paying for Lu because
they want to buy the pure gold. People
want to pay for Lu's price premium
because they want to pay the brand
premium. For now, analysts say demand
for gold is giving Chinese jewelers such
as Laau and Chaoya Folk a leg up over
foreign rivals including Cardier and
Tiffany and brands tapping into the
demand for culturally rich premium
products could be the gainers in China's
consumption space
Bloomberg News Hong Kong.
>> All right, great story there. Um,
heritage goal again. Okay,
>> we're just
No, heritage gold though. I love I love
the whole theme. Um, let's talk a little
more about weather, right? Hong Kong.
So, we we we are likely to see things
look a little bit better,
>> but in just a few minutes, they're
looking to replace that black rain
signal with red
>> at around 11:10
a.m. local time. So, just about what, 20
minutes from now.
>> Yeah.
>> Doesn't change much though. No, I mean
black's been in fact black's been the
new red if you think about that's been
taking place here weatherwise, but it's
a step down of course in that ladder.
Plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, time for our trending in
China segment. And really a hot topic
that's circulating social media here
right now is a ruling by China's highest
court has made it impossible for workers
and their employers to wave social
insurance contributions. Now that's
triggered a broader discussion about
inequalities in the welfare system.
>> Yeah. Let's bring in lower China
correspondent here with the story that's
really making waves across it. Social
insurance is already mandatory, but
what's changed I think is the what
people might be wondering right now.
>> Yeah. So uh what's changed is that the
highest court has now handed down this
ruling that says that if an employee
terminates a work contract because the
employer is not playing paying social
insurance, the employer now has to pay
financial compensation. So what this
means it is that it makes it virtually
impossible for employers and employees
to come to informal agreements to wave
the social insurance payments which even
though it's mandatory has been extremely
widespread. There was a survey last year
of 6,000 firms that was conducted by an
HR services firm called Chong Chongo
Group which found that less than 30% of
companies were fully compliant with uh
uh paying social insurance. So on social
media now people are up in arms because
a lot of people actually voluntarily
want to wave the payment because they
want to take home more pay and of course
it's a cost-saving uh for the for
companies as well. And so there are
concerns now about you know whether or
not you know uh companies especially
small and mid-size firms would survive.
And you can see here someone is saying
the money I pay now is taken by the
elderly but if no one is having children
who's going to pay my social insurance
to support me. So there's the idea that
you know your money is going to support
someone else and there's none left for
you know and there's concern about you
know okay this is going to be bad for
small businesses people are going to
lose their jobs. Um and there's also
this idea that the show social insurance
is not very equal as well because there
are estimates that um stateowned
employees get about twice the amount of
payouts compared to uh private firms
employees and at the same time rural
residents get less than a tenth of what
urban residents in private firms get. So
some people just feel that they don't
want to pay into a system that is quite
broken.
>> Okay. Um there's also fears that this
the whole aging population is is putting
a strain on the pension system. I mean
do you see this as having any impact on
the economy?
>> Yeah, it's a very legitimate concern
because there is an aging population 20
million people are going to retire every
year over the next decade and there are
fewer and fewer buffs that is you know
fewer fewer people going into the
workforce to contribute to this pool of
money. So the Chinese Academy of Social
Sciences back in 2019 already forecast
that the state pension system could run
out of money by 2035. Of course, it's
possible that Beijing could intervene
by, you know, dipping into state funds
to top up the pension system. But at the
same time, right now, this new ruling,
it's not clear the scale of the impact
in terms of job cuts and wage wage
cards. But economists from stockgen for
example are saying that if the impact is
huge it's possible the government may um
revise the policy later on perhaps by
delaying the implementation of this or
creating some easing measures to help
support companies to bear the burden the
financial cost of paying the the social
insurance payments. Minman, thank you so
much. Minman Low, our China
correspondent there. Just very quickly
before we wrap up the show here, uh
earnings, we've talked about that Lenovo
reported about a few hours back here. So
revenue beating estimates. Margins were
thinner than expected. Net income though
coming in about 150 million, that's
dollars higher than estimates. uh
commentary coming through out of the
chairman here telling Bloomberg News
here that they see very limited impact
from tariff shares are coming off lows
but as you can see still see substantial
downside about three and a half% as we
speak. Yeah, that's pretty interesting,
right? Despite that profit beat, which
actually was a pretty sizable number as
well. Take a look at what the the we're
hearing from some of the commentary uh
when it comes to tariffs and the like,
the chair uh Yanqen Yangyang Chin
telling Bloomberg News that they see
very limited impact when it comes to
tariffs as well. PC volume to grow mid
to high single digits uh for the full
year of 2025. There's still more on tap
though, of course, we got through Tens,
we got through Lenovo and the rest.
There's still the likes of JD, JD Health
as well. uh a little bit when it comes
to the property side of things. So,
Heisen and Chong Kong are reporting as
well. MTR as well. We're going to ask
them a lot about these black rainstorms.
How are they dealing with all this and
the traffic or lack thereof? Um and Gile
of course reports later on today as
well. Um so, we're still watching
earnings and then we're still watching
of course these key levels that we're
seeing on both markets in Hong Kong as
well as in the Shanghai Composite.
>> Yeah. So, as as things stand if nothing
changes, Hen index will be closing at a
4-year high. Number one, Shanghai comp
the level to watch is 3715.
So we're still about 30 points short of
that as we speak. 20 points short of
that as we speak. So beyond that, we're
10 year highs, but as you can see, we're
very close to that. We're coming up
highs of the day there. And also not on
your screen, just to mention the 10-year
yield is now the highest in about two
two and a half weeks on the Chinese
10ear yield. That's it from us here on
the China show. We will see you all.
Mingqin.
[Music]